Description
Cotton Blend
Exclusively from Shop4Ever official Shop4Ever brand. 
Designed and printed in the United States.
Comfortable, cotton blend tee. 
SLIM FIT, recommended to order one size up. 
Wash inside out with cold water. 
Print may appear smaller on larger sizes.
Celebrate African American culture in February for 
Black History Month. Show off your Black Consciousness and 
Pride with this powerful message.
Thoughtful gift for your teacher, friend, girlfriend, mom, 
grandma, sister, or daughter. Excellent to wear to school 
as a student, teacher, professor, or principal. 
Great gift for Birthdays, Anniversaries, Valentine's Day, 
Christmas, Mother's Day, Father's Day, Teacher Appreciation Day, or 
any special occasion.
Please check our store for our wide selection of Black History apparel.
 We carry apparel with Black History inspirational quotes, 
Martin Luther King Jr., Harriet Tubman, and more. We have tank tops, 
t-shirts, and hoodies; for men, women, and children.

--
Rosa Parks Nah Hoodie Details
• 50% pre-shrunk cotton, 50% polyester
• Fabric weight: 8.0 oz
• Air-jet spun yarn with a soft feel and reduced pilling
• Double-lined hood with matching drawcord
• Quarter-turned body to avoid crease down the middle
• 1 × 1 athletic rib-knit cuffs and waistband with spandex
• Front pouch pocket
• Double-needle stitched collar, shoulders, armholes, cuffs, and hem

This Hoodie is Made to Order
This product is made especially for you as soon as you place an order, 
which is why it takes us a bit longer to deliver it to you. 
Making products on demand instead of in bulk helps reduce 
overproduction, so thank you for making thoughtful purchasing 
decisions!

--
Nah Rosa Parks Shirt
Description
Soft Comfy Cotton Unisex T-shirt Nah Shirt, Nah Rosa Parks Shirt, 
Rosa Parks Nah Shirt, Rosa Park Shirt, Civil Rights Shirt, 
Black History Shirt

---
Black Excellence Shirt
Description
Features
5.0-5.5 oz. pre-shrunk 100% cotton red and green short sleeve t-shirt.
Seamless 1x1 rib collar. Shoulder-to-shoulder taping. 
Double-needle stitched sleeves. Bottom hem and front neck. 
Fiber content and brand could vary based on availability.
Available Sizes: YS-4XL.
Sizing Hint: This is a standard unisex t-shirt. We suggest 
ordering your regular t-shirt size, but please refer to the 
size charts available online to best determine the size for you.
Care Instructions: Machine wash cold. Do not bleach. 
Tumble dry medium. Do not iron directly on design. 
Do not dry clean.

--
loc'd shirts
HBCUs
Lupis awareness
Ask Catina about Tanya (Urban Store)




































































==